Built in Palladio, the map of travels with a time span filter allows viewers to explore various dimensions of the travel data.
The map on top gives an immediate sense of where the sixty-nine architects traveled.
All destinations in the data appear on the map as dots, covering most but not all of Italy.
Note the much more sparsely covered south, and expanding beyond Italy to places like Spalato,
on the other side of the Adriatic coast, and Athens and Greece, as well as to locations in Asia and North Africa.
The map also visualizes quantitative information from the architects' data.
The dot sizes are based on the number of visits to each destination.
The more visited the place, the larger the dot.
And hovering over them displays the place name and number of architects from our data who've traveled there.
Below the map is a timeline.
Here, every thin line represents an architect's travel, and its length corresponds to duration,
while the time sequence at the bottom orients its measure of time to its respective place in the century.
Hovering over the lines reveals the name of the relevant architect.
These lines become readable as marks of individuals.
Moreover, the interactive aspect of this visualization expands to the relationship between the map and the timeline below it.
If a viewer selects a section of the timeline, only the travels relevant to that slice of time appear on the map above it.
Viewers can run through the timeline across the entire century, watching the animation show who traveled where,
and with many dots appearing and disappearing, becoming larger or smaller in a reflection of travel trends over time.
[ Silence ]
[SIlence]